What did you say?
I’m Ye Qi Luo’s boyfriend from college
She died a few years ago
Ms. Ye
How do you respond to the accusation
from your ex-boyfriend?
I...
We apologize to our viewers
There was an incident during the opening
This individual claimed to be
Ye Qi Luo’s ex-boyfriend
Mr. Lin Hao
He was just released from a psychiatric hospital last week
Psychiatric hospital?
How is that possible?
Paranoid disorder
So all this time
you’ve been lying to me
You’re the ones who are sick!
All of you are crazy!
You’ve all been played by me!
Security!
(Spanish)
Spanish
Nice to meet you all
I hope you’ll take good care of me
You can speak it?
Then what were you pretending just now for?
You went off script on your own
Why should I go along with you?
That’s enough
Next
let’s all enjoy a short video
about Ms. Ye’s life during her university years